c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\bin\x64\Debug\SmartToDoCS.exe
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\bin\x64\Debug\SmartToDoCS.pdb
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\bin\x64\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\bin\x64\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\bin\x64\Debug\SmartToDoCS.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\ThirdPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\ThirdPage.g.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\SecondPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\SecondPage.g.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\FirstPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\FirstPage.g.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\ThirdPage.xaml
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\SecondPage.xaml
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\FirstPage.xaml
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\SmartToDoCS.exe
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\SmartToDoCS.pdb
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\SmartToDoCS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\doslab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartToDoCS\SmartToDoCS\obj\x64\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
